Impossible, my father is Huasheng,
My Sun family is a wonderful masterpiece.
How could my father have to know someone from outside?
Huasheng, Huasheng’s father is very powerful in state affairs.
Oops, old man, that’s just half of the example.
Sun Luqiang became famous,
Accompany me, I am accompanying you.
As long as there are no words to speak,
Want something. Long two.
I'll give half of your Sun family in exchange. Yes, okay, let me go
Send it to Mr. Kai for your reflection
Not quick yet
The young master will not kill the real little girl
you saw it too
These people have nothing to do with me
Now the matter is settled
I'll leave first
After all, I am now
Are you not killing me? Wait a minute.
There's something else going on, little girl
What international joke are you making on me?
your current identity
It's definitely not a problem to let someone go
That's your brother
Are you really so considerate?
Then I'll give you the travel rate.
On the roof I almost made me sad looking at the crime
I heard something great
She is your brother
Even if she is my father
I am a person who respects technique
Of course you do
I just want you to let go
I can do whatever you want me to do
Yeah seriously